I really don't see the wrong person.
Chen Dao understood really well.
He's pathetic.
It's amazing.
What's going on?
How could Qin Xiao have such advanced swordsmanship?
Mrs. Yi congratulated you.
Now we have found the treasure.
That's not what you said.
Who said you were a white-eyed wolf?
I'm kidding.
Is it illegal?
Who wins who loses.
I don't need to say any more.
Okay, let's say you're lucky to win, I won and lost in the back.
Does the young master have any orders?
You replaced the young master with him, didn t you?
No need for mercy.
Eventually he broke both his arms and legs for me.
That s him, why is he here?
You know this guy?
Um, the descendant of the Xiao family in the North Sea.
He was a 5th class athlete.
North Sea number one assassin
Then the crime of escape
Not thinking about so many years, he still hid in the East Sea salary.
This man's name.
Are you the only one who says it's scary?
If you want to live.
Or tell him to lose quickly.
People of Death have never had a living manuscript.